at OIC Summits leaders often gather to
talk about politics and development but
this year Israel's war on Gaza top their
agenda they adopted a resolution calling
on member states to consider economic
sanctions against Israel and for
Israel's expulsion from International
organizations they also demanded an
immediate and unconditional cire in Gaza
speaking to Al jazer The Gambia
president adamaru who is also the oic's
new chair said dialogue is the only way
forward we really
sympathize with the Palestinian
people the struggle have been there for
long but it has escalated I believe
there is no problem without a solution
the world
war was solved through dialogue and we
believe this will also be true dialogue
the OIC has been calling for a fire in
Gaza since November the blocks leaders
are under pressure they know that the
close to 2 billion people they represent
want to see an end to Israel's war on
Gaza but Israel is threatening a ground
invasion of Rafa where close to 2
million Palestinians have sought Refuge
from its bombardments of other parts of
Gaza it's very clear that you know um
netanyahu's determination to enter into
Rafa and to destroy Rafa shows that you
know Netanyahu is not really looking for
the release of hostages is not he is not
really looking for a ceasefire but he is
looking for the continuation and the
prolongation of the war and he wants
really to destroy uh all possibilities
for a possible Seas fight as the summit
ends the calls for a ceasefire inside
the meeting venue and out on the streets
of banjul are loud and clear Hamza
Muhammad Al jazer banjul The Gambia
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al jazer